Update the README to clarify a scenario where a typed property in the context can unexpectedly be undefined (#95)
fastify/fastify-request-context: README.md

const bar = requestContext.get('bar')
```

> If you have `"strictNullChecks": true` configured for Typescript project, you will notice that the type of the returned value can still be `undefined` even though the `RequestContextData` interface has a speicfic type:

Reviewer: Could you add a `## Typescript` section above to improve even more the docs?

```ts
// with "strictNullChecks": true

import {requestContext} from 'fastify-request-context'

declare module 'fastify-request-context' {
  interface RequestContextData {
    foo: string
  }
}

// Type is string | undefined
const foo = requestContext.get('foo')
```

> This also occurs if you have `"strict": true` configured, since enabling Typescript strict mode includes turning on `"strictNullChecks"`. For a discussion about how to work around this and the pros/cons of doing so, please see [fastify/fastify-request-context#93](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-request-context/issues/93).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also occurs if you have `"strict": true` configured, since enabling Typescript strict mode includes turning on `"strictNullChecks"`. For a discussion about how to work around this and the pros/cons of doing so, please read this [issue #93](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-request-context/issues/93).
```
